This file is to be used as a record of the team meetings (without the partner) we will regularly hold on Thursdays and Saturdays throughout the semester to touch  base.
This file is meant to contain the meeting minutes for all the meetings of the semester in the form of a stack (the first meeting is at the bottom of the file, the most recent meeting is at the top of the file). This stack is to be updated after each meeting.

1/28/2023
    Team Meeting to discuss Deliverable 1 (planning.md) 
        Brainstormed personas (3) and user stories (at least 5) 
        Decided on technology stack
        Create helpful diagrams
        Architecture for backend depicting connections between databases, clients, etc. 
    Questions for John
        Usage of the QR codes
            On manager side, they have access to info on audio/link and QR code link 
            Could be a “print pdf” option (or jpeg etc.) 
            When they want to print QR code again, can search for bench and click on download 
            Update the audio is tied to QR code (bench id and QR code stays the same) 
                Maybe change bench name?
    Planning.md TODO 
        1. 
            Parth/Tony - Frontend Mockups (User)
            Michael/Angad - Frontend Mockups (Manager)
        2. Personas (Sam)
        4. User stories (Michele)
        5. Create backend diagram (Michele)
        6. Tajwaar
        7. Why did we all choose our role 
        8. Tajwaar
        9. Angad 
        10. Michael 
    Outlook 
        Get approval for user stories by John (with evidence!) 
        Deployment services to be discussed with John 
            Potentially ask his OPS contact 
        Confirm his account is added to the GitHub 
        Go over Planning.md before due date  

1/25/2023
TODO:
    Make group github
    Give access to partner (John)
    Make group email (will ask TA first)
    Join Project Team 6 on Quercus
    Discuss D1 Handout
    Mockup (mainly frontend teams):
    Figma preferred due to teamwork capabilities
    Individual aspects to be completed separately (in /team/ dir., etc)
    First person to complete their individual sections pushes the relevant file if it’s not made

Things to ask TA (1/26)
    Is a group email necessary for our purposes?
    What should the <tutorial> part in our GitHub repo name be?
    Would it be possible for them to join our Discord for easy communication?

Sub-teams
        Backend: Sam, Tajwaar, Michele
        Frontend (user): Parth, Tony
        Frontend (manager): Michael, Angad